67
stone.png obj
tree.png obj
grass.png bg 
heroF_0.png character
heroF_1.png character
heroF_2.png character
heroF_3.png character
heroF_4.png character
heroF_5.png character
heroF_6.png character
heroF_7.png character
heroF_8.png character
heroB_0.png character
heroB_1.png character
heroB_2.png character
heroB_3.png character
heroB_4.png character
heroB_5.png character
heroB_6.png character
heroB_7.png character
heroB_8.png character
heroL_0.png character
heroL_1.png character
heroL_2.png character
heroL_3.png character
heroL_4.png character
heroL_5.png character
heroL_6.png character
heroL_7.png character
heroL_8.png character
heroR_0.png character
heroR_1.png character
heroR_2.png character
heroR_3.png character
heroR_4.png character
heroR_5.png character
heroR_6.png character
heroR_7.png character
heroR_8.png character
heroFL_0.png character
heroFL_1.png character
heroFL_2.png character
heroFL_3.png character
heroFL_4.png character
heroFL_5.png character
heroFL_6.png character
heroFL_7.png character
heroFL_8.png character
heroFR_0.png character
heroFR_1.png character
heroFR_2.png character
heroFR_3.png character
heroFR_4.png character
heroFR_5.png character
heroFR_6.png character
heroFR_7.png character
heroFR_8.png character
heroBL_0.png character
heroBL_1.png character
heroBL_2.png character
heroBL_3.png character
heroBL_4.png character 
heroBL_5.png character
heroBL_6.png character
heroBL_7.png character
heroBL_8.png character
heroBR_0.png character
heroBR_1.png character
heroBR_2.png character
heroBR_3.png character
heroBR_4.png character
heroBR_5.png character
heroBR_6.png character
heroBR_7.png character
heroBR_8.png character
